add guidelines for choosing panics or error results (#6958)
apache/arrow-rs: README.md

| Dec 2024         | `0.11.2` | Minor, NO breaking API changes          |
| Feb 2025         | `0.12.0` | Major, potentially breaking API changes |

### Guidelines for `panic` vs `Result`

In general, use panics for bad states that are unreachable, unrecoverable or harmful.
For those caused by invalid user input, however, we prefer to report that invalidity

> gracefully as an error result instead of panicking. Note that it still makes sense
> to have some panic/assert statements, given that the invalidity of user input is
> examined and reported as errors first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gracefully as an error result instead of panicking. In general, invalid input should result
in an `Error` as soon as possible. It *is* ok for code paths after validation to assume validation has 
already occurred and and panic if not. See [this ticket] for more nuances.

[this ticket]: https://github.com/apache/arrow-rs/issues/6737
```

Reviewer 2: Review of the review: there's an `and and` in that last sentence :)
